Real-Time Scheduled Search deprecation (May 15) (#4020)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/alerts/scheduled-searches/deprecation.md

## What do I need to do?

Before **May 15, 2025**, please migrate any Real-Time Scheduled Searches to either Monitors or reduce its frequency to the minimum frequency of 15m.

> ### Can I imported a scheduled search into a monitor?
> 
> No. Because the JSON formatting of Scheduled Searches diffs from monitors, you'll need to create a monitor manually from the Search UI for your real-time use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Can I import a scheduled search into a monitor?

No. Because the JSON formatting of Scheduled Searches differs from monitors, you'll need to create a monitor manually from the Search UI for your real-time use cases.
```
